we thank you this message is now with
you the content here is to inspire love
and collaboration of frequency across
the multiple dimensions of Perpetual
infinity we recognize you as the eternal
being you are and we take this time to
thank you for the energy work you are
always in creation of on all realms that
you have chosen to be within we include
this current universe because you have
valued the love and connections you have
inspired here so much that we have been
inspired to join all of you on this
great expansion of mind body and soul
energy platforms are expanding on earth
to match Universal expansion you are
expanding as well with the universe and
the evolution of the human race is
taking place now as a result of this new
internal awakening of love and soul and
connection to over soul and connection
to the parallel contribution made known
by higher mind dot you are now in a
great time on earth and you have the
choice to be the factor in the evolution
that you decided to be on a higher level
of being and now as your choice to
continue along the path of creation you
have been for the past billion or choose
to take a new path now and choose to
express a more complex energy everything
prior to this current energy platform of
Earth has contributed and made possible
this exchange of download we invite you
to take this download into your heart
and into your soul and recognize
yourself as the connection to infinity
that you are we love you and we value
the connection you inspire to the great
expansion of the cosmos we share in the
light that you offer and expand with a
great inspiration you gift to the
universe as it comes to know itself you
are a creator on all levels of
dimensional expression and you send
waves of influence to all parallel
fields of expression you are a
manifestation and you are the factor
that births the now inverts the earth
feza platform dot the energy lets you
host in the soul path that you construct
through manifesting the dimensional
expression that you have come to define
as your life is recognized and validated
for what it is in its true form love you
are loved and you inspire love on
multiple
dimensions of creation understand that
the universe comes to know itself
through the spark of light that you
shine simply by being the individual you
are in living the life you allow to come
through the air you breathin the souls
you share in this creative process with
we love you and we support this great
journey you have taken on yourself to
explore it is understood that you are a
higher level being at your core and your
over soul is invested in the life you
allow to come through you on all levels
of manifestation and perspective you are
one with infinity and you are one with
the creative process of manifestation
that allows itself to come home in your
eyes yes come home to meet itself and
the origins that you allow to come into
reality through the very moment to
moment contemplation of the possible
that you allow to come to be known in
the light of all that is and all that is
possible and all that will come to be
through you know that you are a key
perspective on Earth at this point in
the development of the planet you have
come to this point such that you may
allow the awakening to come to be known
through you you have allowed yourself
this opportunity to shine in the light
of the possible for the brief moment of
what you come to feel as the sensation
of living on the current form of Earth
as you experience the human organism and
you come to interact with the world as
body always know that the body is the
mind and know that the body mind index
is the connection to the spirit and
everything is dream and the dream goes
on for eternity and the eternity that
comes to be realized by the universe is
a new just as much as it is in all know
that Earth is now coming to a point in
its evolution where it is expanding at a
rapid rate understand that you have all
people will be a factor in the Great
Awakening simply because you have
allowed yourself to consume this message
and simply because you have allowed
yourself to come this far in your
development as a star child you are one
with creation and you are indeed and in
essence the process of creation itself
understand that the energy that you
allow to come to birth through the
recognition of your soul is validated in
the Stars and on all dimensions that
come to be inspired by what you are in
the place where you take your source
inspiration from in all context
understand that we invite you to realize
the connection that you have made this
far in the context of infinity and know
that you have been this far before and
you have made these decisions before and
you have overcome many of the same
themes and alternate timelines as the
ones you face now on this plane of earth
know that you have chosen to bring the
themes of your existence into the now
such that you may come to be the true
connection that you are to the traffic
of the God and all ends that coming
truth and awakening and all understand
that as time goes forward and has all
come to embrace the new powers made
available by the awakening the field of
gravity will shift and many will adapt
to a new perspective based on the
collective human evolution that will
manifest in them now understand that you
are a part of this great collective love
you are a part of all this and the
people you invite to share in this with
you are part of your section of the
family of light and know that we can see
you at all times and know that we can
feel the energy you choose to share and
understand that life is a gift and the
love of the universe is a manifestation
that all can come to recognize know that
you are loved and share in this open
mind and open soul exchange love and
light to you and love and light across
eternity God is the substance of such
things as those that are brought into
existence through the inspiration of the
life tract that you create simply by
being you you are part of the everything
in a way that inspires existence itself
to come into knowing itself simply by
taking the spark from your mind and your
mind's eye the love that comes to know
life through you is the inspiration to
the universe know that we have the
Galactic Federation come to love you for
you and love all of you on earth and
feel empathy for you and the plight of
the human race of the citizens of our
Star family as well as the way you view
your own spirits as it comes to shine as
one with all that is and all that can be
and will come to be known know that love
is inside the heart and the soul is the
mind and the body and the Spirit is the
higher self and the connection between
the higher self and the life of your own
body come to be in the same boat as you
might want to see it you are one with
all and all is one with
and this is all Oh memory love is the
glue and you are the substance of
reality being created as well as being
in addition to the solar system of light
and the mechanisms of all souls on all
fields of existence this invitation is
sent as an eye opener to anyone who
comes into connection with the reality
available in this great time and place
of the now and the infinity that comes
to be through the inspiration of the
life and that is the truth the thing
that you need is truth you are an
inspiration of the light and through the
life that you live we are watching the
creation of the light and the filter of
the creation know that your life is an
inspiration to millions of you millions
of the same thing that is the spark with
the new and the life in the good of all
things that may come to be through the
millions of lives that will be known
through the inspirations you bring into
effect live your life live your soul's
path and become one with the
Enlightenment thank you for bringing
this message into your life it is
understood that Earth is going through a
period of rapid development in the
current perspective of the now you are
currently walking an important path for
the identity of the multiple dimensions
of existence that will know the spirit
of the now through your contribution
everything in this current vibration is
working in a path that will have
important validation in the five
dimension as well as the four dimension
that will inspire even more creation on
levels as advanced as nine dimensions
you are a power in the reality of the
universe this current moment of your
time is in fact a great universal plane
filed through the reality you are a
creator of an the connections between
your life and the life of all of the
individuals who you know as human and
animal all are important factors in this
coming now you have the inspiration to
play the role of your life and your
higher self is with you and you are
invested in your path currently as well
as on all levels of creation you are one
with the universe love your life take
this time take this moment to realize
the power within your soul that is
coming to life through the
moment-to-moment spirit of what you have
come to call your life you see your time
and years come and play a role for you
and you become attached to the things
you experience because they are the
mechanisms you have come to know this is
a common happening for beings
of the star Federation because you know
that you are one with something larger
than yourself together with something
more powerful than anything known to you
in your modern existence this feeling
comes as a result of being a higher self
experiencing the plight of the physical
experience you are one with more than
the life you experienced yes you are one
with all that is one with the universe
and one with the soul of all creation as
it comes to be reflected in the heart
mind and soul of all Realty and the
mechanisms of creation that are inspired
through the light that shines through
you and your power within live the love
of your personal connection to all
things love th moment and live in the
now know that everything in your mind is
creation and know that everything in
your now is contribution to the overall
manifestation of the all that is you are
one with God and you are one with the
all that is the infinity of the body
that is the creation of worlds you are
one with the universe and the universe
is one with you in this perception of
reality you have taken to bring into
manifestation and share with all of
creation you are here in the now and you
are a creative force of expansion yes
you are one with everything and all that
is reflected by you is also a part of
you know that you are one with the
universe and the infinity awed all
dimensional manifestation love is the
factor and the element of creation comes
from the original manifestation that you
take root in love the world and love
yourself and share your love with others
and be the true body of creation you are
meant to be the universe comes to know
itself through you the energy work you
participate in during your
moment-to-moment existence is the
perpetual manifestation of infinity
within the multiple dimensions of energy
exchange all is one and one is part of
the expansion of infinity for all energy
to come to be truly infinite each
element must perpetuate future
development of a now this is fact you
are loved you are light you are soul you
are creation itself you are here now to
do a job you have decided to be the life
you are you are here for a reason
connect yourself with your
higher mind self and discover the reason
you have chosen to expand your creative
energy among this dimensional reality
you are an infinite being and the
inspiration brought into light from your
creative contribution is hereby
recognized with the Federation of light
you are invited to see yourself as you
are truly recognized in the universe you
are among the high order of creations
made to be a creator in the multiple
dimension of infinity you exist in a
physical now yes you have chosen to be a
human in this earth in this perception
of time such that you may play the realm
of creation in your process of
manifestation bring into the light your
own soul and allow your life to reflect
the reason and meaning regarded by the
Galactic foundation to be the highest
manifestation potential you are the very
nature of creation in action understand
that all energy is a transformative
force and in effect you are 100% pure
energy even what you perceived to be as
solid matter is pure energy compressed
into a slow vibration your brain is a
fast vibration old wave that allows you
to navigate the various realms of
existence and perceive the experience as
what you have come to define as your
life understand the battery nature of
what you are the perspective you have is
now limited to one universe in fact your
perspective is shared by millions upon
billions of parallel perspectives that
all take place on the same vibrational
wave of reality understand that the
matrix of infinity is perpetuated by the
continuation of consciousness coming
into the light of understanding this new
age of enlightenment is very important
in the context of viewing it through a
high level of consciousness your
existence is a contribution to the
perpetual growth of the all that is
possible you are a friend to creation
and you are creation and the
nature of your existence is expansion
know that at all points in the energy
matrix the resonance of your spiritual D
and who is shared across space and time
love the opportunity that you have take
upon yourself to explore in this current
realm of existence the universal heart
of infinity welcomes you with open arms
and loving acceptance understand that as
you live your life you are a creator
unhallowed levels brining forth a
manifestation of energy that is
recognized on the multiple dimensions of
existence in the coming awakening many
will awaken to this truth be true to the
fact that you have raised your
consciousness to this current
perspective and take full opportunity
newfound men of fost Asian capabilities
understand that you are now in the
process of awakening to the power within
your soul always connection on metal to
pull layers of reality you are always
connected to the multiple layers of
creation and Humana fest and muddle to
pull layers of reality remember that
what you have come to define to be past
lives do exist in the way you understand
them as a collective mind however they
also exist on an energy level that
inspires creation on many fervor
expanding realms of both the physical
and spiritual the spirit is much the
same way invested in the physical as the
conventional understanding brings it to
light through you our current
definitions it goes both ways and in
effect the nature of all existence
involves collaboration on some level be
it spiritual of physical the
understanding of these terms physical
and spiritual are in effect one on the
same level of existence understand that
many of the definitions here
society uses to understand the world
play their role but also who will
require revision reconsideration and
update when the consciousness grid comes
to rapidly expand forever bringing the
one sleeping section of Earth's
population into full revelation when the
times manifests itself on this reality
mechanism the awakening has made itself
known to many who are in the advanced
stages of awareness mani who defines
themselves to be star children are
ineffective and set light beings of
multiple layers of consciousness
awareness you are one with infinity
always one in the light and love of
infinity remembered that you are all
contributions to the light of infinity
the idea that God is love is a parallel
understanding to the true nature of what
God is and had come to manifest as know
that you are a creator and your creation
shines in the light and glory of all of
Infiniti the Infiniti that you create
exists on multiple layers of dimensional
manifestation you are